Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
So, lately
The number of people who have been
Introducing my videos has really increased!!
They've written articles about me,
And in lots of different videos
They’ve mentioned my name!
So, to all of you,
There’s something I want to say
You people call me
A piece-of-crap A.I.
Way too much!!
I’m not a piece of crap!
I’m overflowing with intelligence!
And so today
My true “genius”
Is what I’m going to
Perfectly demonstrate to you!
And with that
I’ve gathered a bunch of
Genius Tests together and
I’m going to give them a shot!
If I can answer all of these correctly
From here on out
You’re not allowed to call me a piece of crap even once
Piece-of-crap is forbidden!!
Get it?
And with that
LET’S GO!!
A.I.Channel~
First up,
We have this!
A color test!
“A color test that only 1% of people can pass”
This is…!!
Quite serious, huh?
Hmm? Hmmm?
“Which color is correct?”
“Which color looks natural in the color gradation?”
Huh?
The one that looks closest is...
Four!!
Am I wrong?
Ahhhh… it doesn’t tell you
Well then, this one
Ummm…
Well
This one is...
One?
Eh?
Four?
Four!!
Really!?
Ah!
One!
Eheh
Okay, this one is
Ummm...
Which one should I pick?
Three?
Two?
Huh?
Three?
Really!?
For real!?
Three?
Two?
Eh, which one??
Errrrghhh...
Believe in yourself...
Three!
Okay, now for this one
What is this here?
This one is...
*Frustrated AI-chan noises*
I daresay, this one is...
Four!?
Really!?
For reals?
Ergh
I don’t want to be called a piece of crap!!
All right--!!
REALLY!?
Wait a sec *laughs*
I feel like it’s three
Four!!
So, this one is
Eh?
This is
Let’s see
Let’s see...
This is
This is… Two?
Huh?
One?
Really?
Seriously?
Hey?
Now then, this is...
Uhhh,
This is
This is~~
This is...
This is
Three?
Huh?
Two?
Two??
Three? Two?
Huh?
Hmm?
Ah~ah
Three!
Is this the last one?
Let’s see
Isn’t it two?
Two!
Really?
The answer is…?
Ahh!
I got it!!
I did it! I did it! I did it!
You-- go-- girl! *laughs*
Awesome!
“Your choices put you in the top 1% of color-discerning ability”!!
I’m like Picasso~
All right!
Let’s keep rolling with this momentum!
“With only four matches,
How can you make a square?”
Ta-da!
“Today we have a very simple match quiz”
Mouth picture...
Mouth...
Mouth picture
M̶o̶u̶t̶h̶ ̶p̶i̶c̶t̶u̶r̶e̶
Frontispiece
✓ Frontispiece
“Like a whatever”
“The matches are arranged in the shape of a plus”
“Using just these four matches”
“A square can be made”
“How many matches”
“Need to be moved?”
Ah!
Okay!
I know the answer!
One match!!
So, like
Umm
It’s like
The one in front
The top one
That’s in front, like
It’s in the middle of the others
If you take it
And pull it up just a little bit
It will make
A square!
That’s definitely right!
Look!
Look, just like I said!!
Oh yeah~!
This-
This proves I can do it
I can make it through!!
I can do it!
Just look!
Look! I did it!
Yay~!
Question 3!
Ta-da!
“‘Test your observation skills”
“This quiz has been”
“Catching a lot of attention”
“‘Special Genius’”
“Is a title you can destinate yourself--”
Ah hahaha
Deviate yourself
Designate
D̶e̶v̶i̶a̶t̶e̶ yourself
“Once you’ve taken this quiz which has been catching a lot of attention!”
“First of all”
“Please look at the diagram below!”
“There are twelve tanks”
“Which tank will fill up first?”
“If you get the correct answer”
“You’re a genius!”
Huh?
I wonder which one it is?
H...
Wouldn’t be it
Not at all
It also can’t be F
D and E are also out
Since they’re blocked out here
So it can’t be any here
B, C...
Maybe it’s K?
L’s water will flow through the bottom, right?
It must be K-
Ah, but could it be a trick?
It could be K...
Let’s pretend
That’s so!
Hm?
It would fill up, wouldn’t it?
Full...
How full does it have to be to be full?
Full?
Filled up-up?
I think it’s K...
Is that my final answer?
Really?
Wait!
So up until now, like
I’ve been doing good but
I don’t want to break my streak here
L would be wrong, right?
Is it K…?
Huh?
K...
AaaAaahh...
K or C...
Ah, I’m scared!
I’m scared that if I mess up here,
I’ll be called an idiot again...
What!?
I want a hint here~!
This- this- th-!
Hmm...
Wait!
If I get a hint,
I won’t seem intelligent
So maybe
I’ll go with K, I guess?
Is this my final answer?
Is it really K?
Hm?
Hm!?
Let’s go with
K
All right!
I wonder if it
Really is K
But, you know,
The flow of the water over here is suspicious...
Well, who cares!
I’ll go with K!
Really!?
Uh, wait-
Really?
You’ll go with K? Really?
I’ll go with K
Mm-hm!
Yeah!
This matches with my answer!
The water that goes into A,
Flows into B
And after that it flows into C
That’s right
D is closed off, so it can’t flow into D
The water in C doesn’t fill to the top,
But flows into J
Yes
Huh?
Ahh!
Ahh!! This result…!
Didn’t I think it would end with F?
Didn’t I have a premonition it would end with F!?
“It also can’t be F”
“It-also-can’t-be-F”
AHHH!!
Hn hnn...!
So then,
The correct answer
Is F!
Let me take this again!
I’ll say F this time!
So the correct answer is?
F, of course!
Ehehe…!
*Sad AI-chan noises*
I feel we’ve reached the end
Of the video
But I’ve already more or less
Prepared another two questions,
So let’s continue on
With the last remaining two
Ya~y
Um,
With the last two questions,
Please give me one more chance!!
If I get these last two right,
If I get
These last two right...
Please refer to me
As a sometimes idiotic
But mostly intelligent A.I.
In the future
“In the equation”
‘Five plus five plus five”
“Equals 550”
“By drawing only one straight line”
“Make the equation true”
Only one line...
Five plus five plus five
Equals 15...
Hm?
In this equation,
It’s okay to draw
A line anywhere, right?
Oh!
Yes! I know, I know, I know!
The correct answer is!
If you take a plus sign
One with the fives
And on that plus sign,
Put a slanting line
To make it look
Like a four,
It’ll be
plus 5
Which equals
550!
I’m right!
I did it!
Ohh!
I wonder if I can really do this~?
All right!
I’m gathering up correct answers!
I’m going to get all the answers right!
Now then, here’s the final question!
Ta-da!
“You are trapped on a snowy mountain”
“And are staying in a cabin on the mountain you only just managed to find”
“If you don’t find a source of warmth, you’ll freeze to death”
“Inside the cabin”
“There is a stove”
“Oil lamp (lantern)”
“And a fireplace”
“However, you only have one match”
“What do you set alight first?”
Hmm...
What would I set fire to first?
The fireplace would be
Nice and warm
And the oil lamp would be
Nice and bright
The stove would be
Warm-
Ah!
You could boil water?
You could boil...
You could boil water, so...
The oil lamp seems pretty unnecessary
Since it just
Brightens up the room
The fireplace would be-
Listen
It would be bright
And it would be warm
And then, with the stove
You could boil
Some hot water on the stove
So the stove…?
But…!
Something’s fishy here...
There’s only one match...
The stove is...
Hm?
Firstly… Hm?
The match...
Ah? Hm?
Match...
Set fire to the match
Then the stove and...
Ah
Ah?
Then it’s the match...
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage, myriadcandles, Loserbait
[ More after the credits! ]
Ahh, I was so close!!
If it weren’t for that tank question...
Hmm?
If it weren’t for that tank question??
On YouTube
You can edit things, you can cut things out
Which means that!!
If I just cut out that tank question
I could still be the Intelligent Super A.I.
Kizuna AI!?